                                TilEm
                               -------

TilEm is an emulator and debugger for Texas Instruments Z80-based
graphing calculators.  It can emulate any of the following calculator
models:

    TI-73 / TI-73 Explorer
    TI-76.fr
    TI-81
    TI-82
    TI-82 STATS / TI-82 STATS.fr
    TI-83
    TI-83 Plus / TI-83 Plus Silver Edition / TI-83 Plus.fr
    TI-84 Plus / TI-84 Plus Silver Edition / TI-84 pocket.fr
    TI-85
    TI-86

TilEm fully supports all known versions of the above calculators (as
of 2012), and attempts to reproduce the behavior of the original
calculator hardware as faithfully as possible.

In addition, TilEm can emulate the TI-Nspire's virtual TI-84 Plus
mode.  This is currently experimental, and some programs may not work
correctly.

TilEm runs on the X Window System on GNU/Linux and other Unix-like
platforms, as well as on Microsoft Windows, and any other platform
supported by the GTK+ library.


                             Installation
                            --------------
Packages for Microsoft Windows are available from the TilEm project
website (http://lpg.ticalc.org/prj_tilem/).  For other platforms, you
will need to compile TilEm from source; please see the file 'INSTALL'
in the source package.


                             Using TilEm
                            -------------
TilEm requires a copy of the operating system from the calculator
model(s) you wish to emulate.  This file is called a "ROM image",
since the calculator OS was traditionally stored in Read-Only Memory.
ROM images are copyrighted by TI and may not be distributed without
permission.  See the TilEm User's Manual for more information about
how to create a ROM image.

The main TilEm window shows an image of the calculator (if possible -
we are still missing background images for a few models.)  Clicking
with the left mouse button presses a key; clicking with the middle
button presses a key and holds it down.  Clicking with the right
button, or pressing Shift+F10, opens the menu.

When you run TilEm for the first time, it will ask you to select a ROM
image to use.  The file you select will be used by default the next
time you run TilEm.  You can switch to a different ROM image by
right-clicking and selecting "Open Calculator".

The state of the emulated calculator is not saved by default; to save
the state, right-click and select "Save Calculator".  The state is
saved to a ".sav" file, stored in the same directory as the ROM image.

You can send program and variable files to the emulated calculator,
either by dragging and dropping them from your file manager, or by
right-clicking and selecting "Send File".  To retrieve program or
variable files from the calculator, select "Receive File".

Other features of TilEm include:

 - A debugger for assembly programs
 - Capturing screenshots, both normal and animated
 - Recording and replaying keystroke macros

For more information, see the TilEm User's Manual:
  http://lpg.ticalc.org/prj_tilem2/doc.html


                          About this program
                         --------------------
Many people deserve credit for helping to make this program possible.
See the file 'THANKS'.

This program is free software, which means that you are allowed to
modify it, and to distribute it (or your modified version) to others.
When you received this program, you should also have been offered a
complete copy of its source code.  For more information, see the file
'COPYING'.

You can contact the authors at <tilem-devel@lists.sourceforge.net>.
Please let us know of any problems you encounter, or ideas for how we
could make TilEm better.
