                                Thanks
                               --------
The current maintainers of TilEm are Thibault Duponchelle and Benjamin
Moody, but many other people have played a part in making this program
possible.

The original TilEm was written in 2001 by Julien Solignac.  The
current version is partially based on the original, but large portions
have been rewritten, starting in 2009, by Benjamin Moody and Thibault
Duponchelle.  Portions of the hardware emulation code are also due to
Luc Bruant.

The code for reading skin files is based on code from TiEmu, written
by Julien Blache.  The GIF compression code is based on whirlgif,
written by Hans Dinsen-Hansen and Michael A. Mayer.

Thanks to Claude Clerc for the photo of his TI-83 Plus, and to Danilo
Šegan for the photo of his TI-86, which we have used as skins.  Thanks
to Scott Zeid for the design of the program icon.

TilEm uses the TiLP libraries (libticalcs2, libticables2, libtifiles2,
and libticonv) to send and receive variables.  Thanks are due to the
current maintainer of TiLP, Lionel Debroux, for his assistance, as
well as to all of the past maintainers of TiLP, including Romain
Liévin, Kevin Kofler, and Julien Blache.

Finally, this program would never have been possible without the
efforts of countless programmers and researchers over the years to
discover and document the inner workings of the calculator hardware.
The following people deserve special recognition for their research:
Randy Compton, Tijl Coosemans, Brian Coventry, Dan Eble, Dan
Englender, Dines Justesen, Julien Lasson, Mattias Lindqvist, James
Montelongo, Michael Vincent, Brandon Wilson, and Joerg Woerner.

(Thibault) In addition of above:
Thanks to Michael Nock and Guillaume Hoffman for testing, feature request and encouragement.
Thanks to Xavier Andreani for his encouragement.
